Update user story and fix file name (#129)
camaraproject/NumberVerification: documentation/API_documentation/NumberVerification_verify_User_Story.md

| **Item** | **Details** |
| ---- | ------- |

> | ***Summary*** | As an enterprise application developer, I want to verify the phone number associated with the phone from which the call was made, so I can get a proof of possession of the phone number. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ***Summary*** | When the user uses an enterprise application (web application or mobile application) and the user enters their phone number, then as an enterprise application developer, I want to verify that the entered phone number is associated with the mobile connection. |

```
